hi guys John begs for crunch came here
today we're going to be looking at the
new nintendo dsi XL right here we have
this to compare it to which is my LDS
with my son broke which so I actually
replaced the case on why so ugly let's
take a look inside so we start out we
see the the manual apparently this is a
this is a flight manual for a small jet
I don't know exactly what situation is
here but pretty exciting stuff it's like
it's a thicker manual in like my camera
opening up they're moving further into
the box we find our goose I excel I
started this thing up earlier and set it
all up as you see it's basically it's as
big as the original das right there
you obviously have your front camera
here and there bezel camera are your
hinge camera right here this has a camp
that says a camera built in two cameras
built-in and it comes with three titles
already built in brain age Express math
brain age arts and letters and a photo
clock don't say that wrong I don't know
what I just did
flipnote studio again this is the ds4
the older set this is you can really
tell what they're trying to pull here
they're trying to put the brain age in
it they give you a pen the size of like
a cross pen here which is pretty crazy
and essentially they want the they want
some older folks to play this and that's
fine hey go for it it's it's called
casual gaming and that's what that's
what people like we're going to try this
Dave and I are Demi Chinese but as I
said it's really big it's really
well-made you actually have another pen
kidding in here but if you really want
to go nuts you can go later sudoko with
this this is the intent of DSi XL John
bags from crunch gear signing off